Kapitel 16. Simple English Game.

Einfaches Englisch ist ein Vorteil. Kurze Sätze, langsame Delivery und klare Übergänge wirken besser als der Versuch, wie ein Native Speaker zu performen.

Openers.

Die Line lautet: „You look interesting. I had to say hi.“

Die Line lautet: „You have a very confident look. What is the story?“

Die Line lautet: „You two look like trouble. Which one is the bad influence?“

Die Line lautet: „Are you leaving already? I was just about to meet you.“

Die Line lautet: „Your style is very well put together. I like it.“

Die Line lautet: „You are confusing me. Creative style, very analytical eyes.“

Conversation.

Die Line lautet: „That makes sense. You definitely look like the type who.“

Die Line lautet: „I would never have guessed that. You look more like.“

Die Line lautet: „So you have been relaxing. I can see that. Professional level.“

Die Line lautet: „There is something calm about you, but I think you are more trouble than you show.“

Die Line lautet: „What do people usually get wrong about you?“

Die Line lautet: „What is the most spontaneous thing you did this year?“

Flirty.

Die Line lautet: „You are cool. That makes me slightly suspicious.“

Die Line lautet: „We would probably get along very well and argue all the time.“

Die Line lautet: „I am starting to like you. This is inconvenient.“

Die Line lautet: „There is something about you that attracts me and unsettles me at the same time.“

Die Line lautet: „You have almost as pretty eyes as I do.“

Transitions.

Die Line lautet: „Come outside with me for five minutes. It is too loud in here.“

Die Line lautet: „Let us stand over there. I cannot hear you.“

Die Line lautet: „I am leaving soon. Come for one last drink at the hotel bar.“

Die Line lautet: „My hotel is two minutes away. We can have one last drink there if you want.“

Die Line lautet: „Tell your friends where we are going. We will be back oder you can text them.“

Consent/clarity.

Die Line lautet: „I would like to kiss you.“

Die Line lautet: „Is this okay?“

Die Line lautet: „No problem. We can slow down.“

Die Line lautet: „You do not have to decide now.“

Die Line lautet: „We can stay here or go back. Both are fine.“

English conversation formula.

Observation dann simple question dann comment dann playful assumption dann move.

Die Line lautet: „You have a confident look. Where are you from?” “Stockholm.” “That makes sense. Very calm, slightly dangerous. Come over there, I cannot hear you.“

Words to avoid.

Do not reach for complicated idioms, long explanations or pseudo-native slang. Your accent is not a problem. Hesitation and overcomplication are.

Die Kernaussage: Kurze Sätze, klare Aussprache, Blickkontakt und Pausen.
